Romeo and Juliet are moving to a whole
new garden
all clear not quite perfect but it's
ours think of all the adventures were
gonna have with me
oh man Katie that is just are you done
Kakui humans coming poses everyone they
were supposed to live happily ever after
but when their world is in danger
Julia the gnomes the Roku there's only
one known to call and Sherlock knows
sworn protector of garden gnomes you
mean except for the one you literally
just broke danger of the director of
Kung Fu Panda
we can't anyone hear this but her going
to smashes or or an adventure we have to
get across that River you need a ship no
Sherlock
you've got a great unknown hey our next
clue is in the park directions quickly
just follow the blue line on the ground
until you find the giant red Suns
MacAvoy and we block - attila tear poor
mary j blige and Johnny Depp with
original music by Elton John and Bernie
Taupin
you have to go him to come out let's go
to forward hold hold forgive me I've
never been the back end of a spoiler
before
Sherlock knows that's not how a squirrel
six is behind mankini can you
demonstrate unduly you see yes you're
acting like a rear end